fix(vue): add check for clerk.value in UseSessionList composable (#5324)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/fuzzy-pillows-doubt.md

---
'@clerk/vue': patch
---

> updating the initial value of `clientCtx` to `undefined` as requested [here](https://github.com/clerk/javascript/pull/5324#discussion_r1989445357)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug fix: Update the initial value of `clientCtx` to `undefined` to correctly infer that `clerk` is defined.
```
